CLOUD COMPUTING
----------------------

What is SaaS (Software as a Service)

A.  The software provider handles the whole technology 
    stack and just delivers an applicatoin that you can use 
    like (Google Apps or Salesforce).  
    You do not install the software on your computer
B.  The SaaS provider handles installing, managing, and upgrading 
    software.  You as an end user don't have to deal with any of this
C.  If your business uses a SaaS application.  Integrating with any
    of the other systems your business uses.  The SaaS provider offers
    limited or no support

D.  All of the above

What is PaaS (Platform as a Service) 

A.  The provider handles everything up to BUT NOT inluding the data and app layer
    Its good for developers don't want to mange OS, DB, Middleware or Web server for
    their apps.  It's mainly used by Developers (Force.com)
B.  Built on virtualization technology, so resources can easily be scaled 
    up or down 
C.  Developers are limited to the Providers languages, Tools, and lock-in.  There app 
    they develope my only work on this platform ... could be a
    huge amount of work to migrate to another platform 
D.  All of the above   

What is IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service)?

A.  Computing infrastructure and resources but, in a virtual environment so that, many
    different clients can access.  These would be like Data storage (Amazon S3), 
    Virtualizatoin, Servers and Networking (Rackspace, Amazon AWS)
B.  This allows clients to put any kind of OS, Data, Middleware or applications they want on top
    of this service.  But, the client must manage these themselves
C.  Helps you avoid the expense and complexity of buying and
    managing your own physical servers and other datacenter infrastructure
D.  All of the above

Which statement/s is correct?

A.  Public Cloud is All hardware, software, etc, is owned and managed by the cloud provider
B.  Private Cloud is Services and infrastructure are maintained on a private network
C.  Public cloud and either private and/or on-site clouds combined
D.  All of the above

Cloud is popular because?

A.  Eliminate the expense of hardware and software, the inefficiencies of setting up data centers
B.  Vendors deals with electricity payments for power and cooling, and the hiring of additional 
    IT experts for managing infrastructure. 
C.  IT teams can be more productive and actually focus on their business goals
D.  All of the above




